In the brainstorming stage, we first came up with a couple of key points that should be included in our app design. These points include making connections with people in the same community, the joy users can receive from establishing relationship with others, awareness of food background. Then, we also think of what features we need to design and implement in order to reach these points or goals. We came up with different components, such as profile page for vendors and customers. Each vendor has their own specialty, such as the items they sell the best or are the most popular, or any discount or badges they have in order to attract more customers. In order to build connection with the vendor, there should be a feature which allows the users to chat or call the vendors. Then, we also came up with some ideas of sharing rides in order to build connection between users and support each other when someone has transportation issues. 

We also think of what API we should use in order to implement feature in our app and at the same time satisfy the project's requirement, such as using weather API to display the weather condition for each day, as the weather condition, to a large extent, influences people's intention of going to the Ithaca Farmer's Market and also might cause transportation issue. In addition to it, we might also need Google Map API in our sharing rides section to locate each other, as sharing rides could also help establish relationship with each other. 

Then at the end of the brainstorming process, each of us sketched possible design pattern on the paper. Some of us drew the profile page, some of us drew details about sharing rides sections, and some of us drew the UI flows, the transition between each page. We then put our individual's piece together and figured out how many main pages we need to design and implement. At the end, each of the person in the team was assigned to a section to design and prepare to discuss before user testing. 